Add yaml env defaults (#816)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/general-info.adoc

.Using OS environment variables in yaml files
OS environment variables can be used in yaml config files for Infinite Scale services which will be replaced by the actual value of the environment variable at runtime. This method allows defining a standardized setup, but parameterize it for different use cases. Default values can be specified after a `|` character.

{empty}

.Example:
--
[source,yaml]
----
proxy:
  http:
    addr: ${PROXY_HTTP_ADDR|localhost:4321}
----

In the example above, the value of the OS environment variable `PROXY_HTTP_ADDR` will be used at runtime for the key `addr`. If the variable is empty or does not exist, the default value of `localhost:4321` is used.

[NOTE]
====
* Infinite Scale uses the `|` character for its config defaults in yaml files.

> * Other software like Docker use a bash style `:-` defining defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Other software like Docker uses a bash style `:-` for defining defaults.
```
